What? It scared me to death.
You walk without making a sound.
I've been here for a really long time.
It's because you've seen it too deeply.
Didn't notice me.
I found that Mr. Lin treats you unusually.
Last time I came forward to help you choose a team leader.
This time we were chatting downstairs again. We are recovering without looking at each other, you.
No no. Said that her husband was talking to Mr. Lin.
I don’t even know Mr. Lin. Your husband. husband
always hear about you
Why don't you bring him up?
Let everyone take a look
Is it because of your husband?
It's someone else's husband
Or someone else's boyfriend?
It's too much for you to say that.
Why don't you dare to go to Miss?
My husband is even my new life
Is that related to you?
It doesn't matter if it is
People who don’t live a simple life
Not very happy
Who doesn’t want to talk about it?
Miss Xu said that our relationship as husband and wife is not serious.
Can you come and prove it for me?